Hello, hello!
Welcome to this new lesson!
Talking on family.
So, for today, the first phrase is I have
about 10 cousins.
I have about 10 cousins.
You?
Nice, nice.
Once again, I have about 10 cousins.
Cousins.
Pretty good.
Nice.
So, about can also mean approximately.
Okay, so, about is like kind of about
approximately what you're saying.
Okay, so, I have about 10 cousins means I
have around 10 cousins.
Perhaps 8, 9, 10, 11, 12.
Okay, so, about means around, approximately.
Okay, pretty good.
Excellent.
Nice.
My cousin eats too much at family dinners.
I'm sure you have a cousin that eats a
lot of family dinners.
Estoy segura que tienes un cousin que
come muchísimo en las family dinners, en
las cenas de la familia, las cenas familiares.
So, my cousin eats too much at family dinners.
You?
Pretty good.
Nice.
Once more.
My cousin eats too much at family dinners.
Pretty good.
Nice.
So, tell me in the commentaries, do you
have a cousin that eats too much at
family dinners?
Or is it you?
¿O eres tú ese cousin?
¿Tienes uno o eres tú?
Diles comentarios.
Pretty good.
So, remember, remember that we're talking
about family.
Okay, we're talking about family.
So, the next one is uncle.
Okay, uncle.
My uncle is handsome.
Mi tío es guapo.
Okay?
Normally, handsome, we use it for men.
You know, we can use it for both, but we
normally use it for men.
Handsome.
Normalmente se usa para hombres.
So, my uncle is handsome.
Look at this guy.
Isn't he handsome?
So, my uncle is handsome.
You, say it with me.
My uncle is handsome.
Pretty good.
Nice.
Once more.
My uncle is handsome.
Excellent.
Nice.
That was really great.
So, he has a daughter.
He has...
Remember?
He has a daughter.
She has a big family.
See?
He has a daughter.
So, he has a daughter.
Say it with me.
He has a daughter.
Pretty good.
Once again.
He has a daughter.
Wow.
Excellent.
So, whenever you refer to someone else
possessing something, you must say has.
Okay?
When you're talking about she, he, you
say has.
For example, he has a daughter.
He has a daughter.
Okay?
Now, she has a hat.
Look at that.
She has a hat.
Okay?
Ella tiene un sombrero.
She has a hat.
Or this one.
He has a burger.
Él tiene una hamburguesa.
So, remember?
He has.
She has.
That was everything for today.
You did a great job.
And my phrase for you is, you're making
progress every day.
Congratulations.
And today, our goals and achievements
were 32 words.
32 words.
Nine phrases and expressions.
And we developed vocabulary, speaking and listening.
Y desarrollamos vocabulary, speaking and listening.
So, remember both things you have to do
on the platform.
All this class page is.
First, comment 15 words about the class.
And second, rate the class.
Comentario y la valoración.
Recuerda que todo esto lo voy a estar
diciendo en inglés.
Así que tú ya sabes de lo que estoy hablando.
Okay?
That was everything for today.
I love you.
Bye bye.